---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-31T15:11:24.522Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-31T15:11:21.297Z'
title: Your Hands. Your Passion. Your Dream Business
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-30-welcome.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: welcome/index.html
_type: Article

---
## What would it be like to stop scrounging for clients who are apathetic at best, never come back, barely tip, and leave you questioning why you started this career in the first place?

I can take you from frustrated and broke to a full schedule of dream clients who practically beg to hand you more money.

Intrigued? Want to make more money today? I've got just the thing! Go ahead and test it out, I promise you'll be amazed!

Emily McBrayer, Coach for Passionate Beauty & Wellness Professionals

I believe in the power of human touch to improve lives, heal deeply, and ultimately change the world. And that when you make someone look beautiful, they feel beautiful, leaving your salon ready to share their own unique gifts with the world.

I am passionate about sharing everything I've learned in over 10 years spent growing The Spa at Oak Haven Resort from scratch, designing countless treatments, and turning a brand new business with zero clients into a thriving, award winning brand with over 25,000 loyal clients.

The secret to any successful spa, salon, or individual in this industry is their ability to use unique personality traits and talents to create a large following of exceptionally loyal customers. I believe you can do the same and make more money than you ever thought possible.